worldcore/README.md, before:

# WorldCore - Interactive World Model Demo

A real-time interactive world model demo built with the Reactor JS SDK. Control the generation with WASD movement, camera rotation, custom prompts, and starting images.

## Features

- **Floating WASD Controls**: Movement controls (bottom-left) overlaid on the video
- **Floating Camera Controls (IJKL)**: Camera rotation (bottom-right) overlaid on the video
- **Simultaneous Control**: Use keyboard and camera controls at the same time
- **Speed Adjustment**: Compact sliders in the overlay for movement and rotation speeds
- **AI Prompt Enhancement**: Use GPT-4o-mini to enhance your scene descriptions
- **Custom Starting Image**: Upload or select an example image to start from
- **Live Prompt Changes**: Change the scene description during generation
- **Reset**: Restart generation while preserving settings

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- pnpm (recommended) or npm

### Installation

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Environment Variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and fill in your keys:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

### Development

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

### API Key

Set `REACTOR_API_KEY` (or `NEXT_PUBLIC_REACTOR_API_KEY`) in `.env.local`. The app uses it on the backend to obtain a session token—the key never appears in the UI. Check "Local model" to connect to a locally running model instead.

## UI Layout

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ WorldCore            [logo]   [Local model] [Connect]  │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                         │
│   [Reset]        [Move: ▬▬▬] [Rotate: ▬▬▬]             │
│                                                         │
│                    VIDEO STREAM                         │
│                                                         │
│   ┌───┐                                        ┌───┐   │
│   │ W │                                        │ I │   │
│   ├───┼───┼───┐                        ┌───┼───┼───┤   │
│   │ A │ S │ D │                        │ J │ K │ L │   │
│   └───┴───┴───┘                        └───┴───┴───┘   │
│                                                         │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ [Scene Prompt _______________] [Enhance] [Set]  [Images]│
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Controls

### Keyboard Controls

| Key | Action |
|-----|--------|
| W | Move forward |
| S | Move backward |
| A | Strafe left |
| D | Strafe right |
| I | Look up |
| K | Look down |
| J | Turn left |
| L | Turn right |

### Touch Controls

All controls can be used via touch on mobile devices. Tap and hold the on-screen buttons for continuous input.

## Architecture

This demo uses:

- **Next.js 15** - React framework
- **@reactor-team/js-sdk** - Reactor SDK for WebRTC streaming
- **@reactor-team/ui** - Reactor design system
- **Tailwind CSS 4** - Styling

## Model Commands

The WorldCore model (`worldcore`) exposes the following commands:

- `set_keyboard_action` - Set WASD movement (w/s/a/d/still)
- `set_camera_action` - Set camera rotation (left/right/up/down/still)
- `set_movement_speed` - Set movement speed (0.0-1.0)
- `set_rotation_speed` - Set rotation speed (0.0-1.0)
- `set_prompt` - Set the scene description
- `set_starting_image` - Set a starting image (base64)
- `reset` - Restart generation

## License

Copyright (c) 2026 Reactor Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Initial import for Brawl Archives with Reactor

worldcore/README.md, after:

# WorldCore - Interactive World Model Demo

A real-time interactive world model demo built with the Reactor JS SDK. Control the generation with WASD movement, camera rotation, custom prompts, and starting images.

## Features

- **Floating WASD Controls**: Movement controls (bottom-left) overlaid on the video
- **Floating Camera Controls (IJKL)**: Camera rotation (bottom-right) overlaid on the video
- **Simultaneous Control**: Use keyboard and camera controls at the same time
- **Speed Adjustment**: Compact sliders in the overlay for movement and rotation speeds
- **AI Prompt Enhancement**: Use GPT-4o-mini to enhance your scene descriptions
- **Custom Starting Image**: Upload or select an example image to start from
- **Live Prompt Changes**: Change the scene description during generation
- **Reset**: Restart generation while preserving settings
- **Timeline Flow**: Cards auto-start after 5 seconds; entering opens a full-screen experience for 15 seconds, then advances.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- pnpm (recommended) or npm

### Installation

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Environment Variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and fill in your keys:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

### Development

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

### API Key

Set `REACTOR_API_KEY` (or `NEXT_PUBLIC_REACTOR_API_KEY`) in `.env.local`. The app uses it on the backend to obtain a session token—the key never appears in the UI. Check "Local model" to connect to a locally running model instead.

Alternatively, you can paste your API key directly into the Connection panel in the UI. When provided there, the key is used only for that session and is not saved to disk.

### Timeline Content

The timelines are served from `/api/timeline` and defined in:

- `/Users/sachin/Documents/reactor hackathon/Supercell-Hack/worldcore/lib/timeline.ts`

Background and starting images are in:

- `/Users/sachin/Documents/reactor hackathon/Supercell-Hack/worldcore/public/timeline`

The full-screen experience lives at `/experience?timeline=timeline-id&card=card-id`.

## UI Layout

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ WorldCore            [logo]   [Local model] [Connect]  │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                         │
│   [Reset]        [Move: ▬▬▬] [Rotate: ▬▬▬]             │
│                                                         │
│                    VIDEO STREAM                         │
│                                                         │
│   ┌───┐                                        ┌───┐   │
│   │ W │                                        │ I │   │
│   ├───┼───┼───┐                        ┌───┼───┼───┤   │
│   │ A │ S │ D │                        │ J │ K │ L │   │
│   └───┴───┴───┘                        └───┴───┴───┘   │
│                                                         │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ [Scene Prompt _______________] [Enhance] [Set]  [Images]│
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Controls

### Keyboard Controls

| Key | Action |
|-----|--------|
| W | Move forward |
| S | Move backward |
| A | Strafe left |
| D | Strafe right |
| I | Look up |
| K | Look down |
| J | Turn left |
| L | Turn right |

### Touch Controls

All controls can be used via touch on mobile devices. Tap and hold the on-screen buttons for continuous input.

## Architecture

This demo uses:

- **Next.js 15** - React framework
- **@reactor-team/js-sdk** - Reactor SDK for WebRTC streaming
- **@reactor-team/ui** - Reactor design system
- **Tailwind CSS 4** - Styling

## Model Commands

The WorldCore model (`worldcore`) exposes the following commands:

- `set_keyboard_action` - Set WASD movement (w/s/a/d/still)
- `set_camera_action` - Set camera rotation (left/right/up/down/still)
- `set_movement_speed` - Set movement speed (0.0-1.0)
- `set_rotation_speed` - Set rotation speed (0.0-1.0)
- `set_prompt` - Set the scene description
- `set_starting_image` - Set a starting image (base64)
- `reset` - Restart generation

## License

Copyright (c) 2026 Reactor Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
